Excellent work on your last mission agent Let's have a quick debriefing and discuss how you accomplish
your tasks
intelligence gathered from the last mission left us with an encrypted message as well as a file containing
some text and what appears to be latitude and longitude coordinates somehow.
The actual decryption key for this encrypted message is hidden as information inside of this text file.
Let's see if I plotting out the latitude and longitude coordinates we're able to make out that key will
also notice that there's a lot of information that we don't need here.
We don't really need any of this text.
We just want the actual numbers themselves.
So we're going to need to use regular expressions to actually read in the text file and then grab the
latitude and longitude coordinates.
We'll start off by importing our E for regular expressions and then we will open that file.
Here we have it saved as Message new pen text and we will say text is equal to f thought read.
Now if I take a look at the text we now have a string containing all the text and what we want to do
is just grab the latitudes and longitudes.
If we take a look at the pattern in this actual text it seems we want a series of digits followed by
a period followed by another series of digits then a comma then another series of digits a period and
then another comma.
And it also looks like the second series of digits has a negative.
So let's actually create a pattern that can help us find that will comment this text out and create
a pattern the pattern we're looking for was a series of digits.
So in braces we'll say backslash D plus.
So that in the case one or more digits followed by a period and then we want one or more digits again.
So we'll say embraces backslash D plus then a comma then what appears to be a negative sign.
Another backward series of digits one or more another period and then backward series of digits one
or more.
So using that as our pattern let's say that the result is equal to find all
using our pattern on the text we just created.
And if we take a look at our results now we have a list where each item in the list is this string with
the latitude and longitude coordinates.
So we still need to actually grab the individual latitude and longitude and we can do that by basically
splitting up every element in the string because if we take a look at one of the results for instance
the first one it's a string right here meaning we could split it on the comma.
You could say splits on the comma and there we have now the latitude and longitude in a list.
So let's do this using a for loop.
We will say Lat's is equal to an empty list and lungs is equal to an empty list.
Then for s in results we will say lat longs is equal to estopped split.
So we'll split that actual elements on the comma and then we will append that new Latz.
And we want to make it into a float.
So we'll cast it as a float and then we'll do the same thing for longs.
We'll say longs and let's make sure that we don't overwrite that say singalongs there lungs a pen the
float of long run that and then we take a look at Latz and longitudes.
There now the floating point numbers.
Now take a look at lungs and there we have it.
There's many other ways we could have done this but this one is pretty straightforward just using regular
expression to grab the actual coordinates and then using a for loop to grab the individual components
and passing them as floats.
Once we have that we're ready to actually plot out our results just like we did last time.
We're going to say from Boca I know import output file and show then from Bocca thought models import
Geum map plot the GM map options the column data source.
We can actually use tab autocomplete to help us out here.
We'll import circle range 1 and then we can import other tools if we want such as the pan tool
the wheel zoom tool and also the box select tool.
And if we zoom out here so we can see everything because to just start doing this on another line box
select tool.
And if you go over multiple lines and import.
You can just wrap them in parentheses as such.
So that is all the imports we need for the models.
And let's start off with our map options will say map options is equal to map options Latta's equal
to zero lng as equal to zero and then say zoom is equal to 3.
And again you can play around these options.
It's just the initial starting point of the map we create then we will plot out the actual map g map
plot will give range one d to x range and we will do the same for y range.
The and then we'll pass in the map options equal to the map options we just created that creates or
plot.
And then we can set the title of our plot.
This is optional.
You don't really need this set of title such as the key then it's time to actually provide the API key.
We will say plot's API underscore key is equal to input API key and this is where you need to go get
your API key so recall you come to this page on Google Maps API.
Click get a key and it will eventually give you your key.
Or you can just create a new project and get another key.
So I'm going to do that now.
Let me get my key.
Once we provided the API key we can move along and declare our source for the actual column data so
the column data source is equal to data then dictionary call where Latz is equal to the last list we
created and L-1 is created to or matched up with the long list we created.
So we can run that and whip's let's make sure we have all of this in the same cell.
We will say circle is equal to circle Exelon Y is equal to lat size is equal to 10 Phil color is equal
to red.
And here you can mess around with alpha or line colors.
We'll just leave it as that for now.
Then we're going to add those actual circle glyphs to this plot.
But in the kitting source and then circle and then once we've done that we can add the tools to move
around in the plot.
We will say plot add tools we can add the pan tool the wheels zoom tool and the box select tool and
then we can have our output file GM map plot t m l and then finally we can show the actual plot so running
this let's see what we get.
So looks like there are some points appear if we end up moving along and zoom in a little bit.
It says here the key is truth.
So that's a five letter word in all capital that we can use to try to decrypt that message.
So let's decrypt that final message we'll come back to the notebook we will import hash lib and we'll
also say from cryptography Fernet import Fernet and then let's create our keyword because the previous
documents said.
Use the keyword as a byte string and then pass it through the S.H. 3 256 bit hashing algorithm.
Meaning our key will be hash lib SHK three 256 bit keyword will import base 64 so we can get it in the
correct format for our actual cryptography key will grab the bytes by getting the key digest as we did
before.
And then we will create the key base 64 you are all safe and code the key bytes.
Once we run that we should have our actual Fernet key there we have it and then we will create a custom
cipher using this key our custom cypher is equal to Free-Net pass in our key then we will grab our message.
We're going to just copy and paste it from up above.
Well grab this copy it come down here paste it in.
Run this and now it's time to decrypt our message.
We will call our custom cipher decrypt and then passing the message we want to decrypt and then we have
now a link to a Google document which we can check out.
Congratulations on your last mission.
Agent you've done excellent work for the Institute.